By 5:00pm Thursday!
Follow the format provided by the sample, but remember the sample is a simplistic example and your description should be longer.

H - High Priority
M - Medium
L - Low

Jacor	H	Make connection wiimote - pda 
Jacor	H	pda to server connection
Jacor	H	Connection Mode: paired, discoverable.
Mike	H	Clinician Login to Web Ui.
Mike	H	Clinican can create profile
Mike	H	Web UI feature
Brett	M	user selects task for day button.
Brett	M	Activities displayed in large easy to read font.
Brett	M	Close button on tasks screen.
John	H	The user starts the application and is brought immediatly into their account. with stats page showing.		
John	H	Automatic periodic connection from pda to server to dump data.
John	H	Emergency data dump occurs if phone mem limit close to being reached.
Ryan	H	Unable to connect, attempt reconnect periodicly until connection established.
Andrew	H	As the user walks, the pda records the data coming from the Wii mote.
Andrew	H	Pda continus running scripts.
Andrew	M	real time display of stats steps taken, current speed, pedometer functions.
Joe	H	Alert on PDA including text and audio.
Joe	H	Detection of lost connection by PDA.
Joe	M	Vibrating on Wii mote.
James	M	Alert when task/activity completed user hits button to close message.
James	H	Usernames for clinicians and patients (unique)
Jon	L	Graphing for data and data analysis.
Jon	L	Server displays data in human readable form.
Ryan	M	View list of available patients.
Ryan	M	Can set and change/ modify tasks for a specific user over the web ui.
Ryan	M	The phone updats the users tasks.
Jon	M	Researcher Login on web UI.
Steve	L	Charts about groups of patients. Aggregated. Categorized.
Steve	L	Patients remain anonymous.
Steve	L	Chart about completion percentage or other patient tasks completion metric.
James	L	Patient health improvement chart. 
Done	M	Battery Status (life remaining)


Story 1 : Device Setup

	Make connection wiimote - pda 
	pda to server connection
	Connection Mode: paired, discoverable.
	

Story 2 : Setup Patient Profile

	Clinician Login to Web Ui.
	Clinican can create profile
	Web UI feature
	*Whats in the profile? username, userid, password, name, age, height, weight, med conditions, ...
	

Story 3 : User Gets Daily Tasks
	
	user selects task for day button.
	Activities displayed in large easy to read font.
	Close button.


Story 4 : Who is Participating

	The user starts the application and is brought immediatly into their account. with stats page showing.	


Story 5 : Data Dump
	
	Automatic periodic connection from pda to server to dump data.
	Emergency data dump occurs if phone mem limit close to being reached.
	Unable to connect, attempt reconnect periodicly until connection established.


Story 6 : PDA Monitor Activity.
	
	NOT REAL TIME.
	As the user walks, the pda records the data coming from the Wii mote.
	

Story 7 : Pda Processes and Displays Data.

	Pda continus running scripts.
	real time display of stats steps taken, current speed, pedometer functions.


Story 8 : Wii-Remote Connection Lost.

	NOTE: remove wii mote vibrating. the wii mote cannot vibrate if it disconnects.
		
	Alert on PDA including text and audio.
	Detection of lost connection by PDA.
	Vibrating on Wii mote.

Story 9 : Activity Completion

	Alert when task/activity completed user hits button to close message.
	The phone also constantly displays stats.

Story 10 : Clinician Data View

	Clinician Login
	Web UI for clinician
	Usernames for clinicians and patients (unique)
	Graphing for data and data analysis.
	Server displays data in human readable form.
	View list of available patients.

Story 11 : Modify Patient Task/Activity
	
	Web UI w/ Clinician Login
	Can set and change/ modify tasks for a specific user over the web ui.
	The phone updats the users tasks.
	See task

Story 12 : Researcher Data View (Priority LOW, very LOW)

	Researcher Login on web UI.
	Charts about groups of patients. Aggregated. Categorized.
	Patients remain anonymous.
	Chart about completion percentage or other patient tasks completion metric.
	Patient health improvement chart. 